I did the assingment not knowing that I should of written down my milestones and stuff in a project thingy. So, to compensate for that,
I am going to be making a reflextion doc! Yay. Anyways, at the start, I was unsure of what math I should be writing inside of my code.
I figured that I would start off with simple addition just to get the code to work and setup a proper workflow. Anyways, I got that 
working pretty quickly. Then decided to do different bases inside my program. So, you add to numbers in decimal, then you have to figure
out what that number is in that specific base. I then ran into the problem of multiscreen programming. Orginally I just but square buttons
on the screen, and if the mouse was inbewteen 2 specific points X & Y, it triggers the new screen. But the problem was that the you can't 
actually delete the square when you go to a new screen. So, I decided that I needed a button. I looked for a while on different websites
but I came to the conclusion that I had to import a library. I imported a library with buttons. Unfortuanately, I couldn't make a 
main screen, and delete the buttons as I go on. Cause the delete function was really buggy. So I just displayed the different buttons on
the bottom and left it there. Next I just setup the program for addition subtraction multiplication and division. Division was tricky
because I didn't want any decimals. It would be hard to figure out what 3.4 is in base 2. So, I had to make a little function making sure
that the number wasn't a decimal. Afterwards I decided to turn my focus on making the game. After browsing through ideas, I figured
that I would be safest making a sidescroller game. I had to figure out how to make a jump function. Which was the hardest part.
The rest was pretty easy, adding lives, making a square object come at you. Then I decided to jazz it up a little and import images, cause
why not right? Anyways, I learnt how to use a proper workflow using github and processing. I learnt how to import different libraries, 
and new problem solving skills. I regret not using branching to display the different ideas I had and me trying to reach them, but
not being able to, so deleting it. Or, me having an idea, making a new branch, and actually implemening it in my main code. I also
regret not creating a project to log my progress. 
